fix(acc): add file upload info (#4913)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/account/how-to/open-a-support-ticket.mdx

### Add supporting files

> You can drop or browse to attach files that might be relevant to understanding your issue. You can include screenshots, PDF and text files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can drop or browse to attach files that might be relevant to understanding your issue. You can include screenshots, PDFs, and text files.
```

  <Message type="important">
    Keep in mind that:
      - You can attach up to 4 files per message and 10 files per ticket.

>       - The size of each file cannot exceed 10MB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - The size of each file cannot exceed 10 MB
```
